# pandas-challenge
*Data analysis using Python Pandas and Jupyter.*

## Conclusions

1. The average purchase price is just over $3, but the most popular item, both in terms of purchase count and total earnings, costs $4.61. This shows that players will spend money on maybe one cheap item, of which there are many, or can be funneled in to a few, better, more expensive items. Of the top five sellers as far as revenue, not one of the items is under $4. I would reduce the number of items available and create fewer, slightly more expensive, but more useful items instead, similar to the top five revenue items.
2. Most players only make one purchase, and the most frequent purchaser has only made five purchases. This shows that in general, players are not becoming repeat customers. Either the items are too expensive, there is little need for multiple purchases (one is enough), or players don't find the items useful. This goes back to the first point, in that the items need to have more appeal to players.
3. Not much can be gleaned from the age group table, as the only visible trend is a classic bell curve with regards to the number of players/purchases. The largest portion of the player-base is 20-24. Other than that information, there are no spending trends by age. This shows a trend in its own right: spending habits to not necessarily change with age.
4. The repeat customers, the players with the most purchases, tend to spend much more than the $3 average. This again shows that players are getting more use out of the higher cost items, and are therefore more likely to make more purchases. This could also be a function of "hard core" vs "casual" players, which could mean that the game needs to have more content. This would in-turn cause players to stick around longer and be willing to see the value in multiple purchases.